Codethon(Individual Task)
1. Write a program to find the cube of a number use loop.
2. .Write a function in C that reverses a given string in-place without using string
function.
3. Write a program to Print Prime Numbers between Two numbers.
4. Write a program to compare two no by using the ternary operator in c.
5. Write a program to print weekday of given date.
6. Write a program to print EVEN numbers from 1 to N using a while loop.
7. Write a program in C to read any Month Number in integer and display Month name in
the word.(using switch case).
8. Write a program to find second largest number in an array.
9. Write a program to Multiply without using Multiplication operator (*).
10.Write a program to read an integer and print its multiplication table.
11.Write a program to Calculate Product of Digits of a Number.
12. Super-Duper Micros Currently sells 100 Super-Duper per month at a profit of
Rs.500/- per Super-Duper.They have a fixed operating cost of Rs 10,000/-that
does not depend on the volume of sales.They currently spend Rs 1000/- per
month on advertising. A marketing consultant advised them that if they double
the amount spent on advertising, sales will increase by 20%.Write a program that
begins with the Company’s current status,successively doubles the amount spent
on advertising until the net profit begins to decline.Have a program print number
of Super-Duper sales,the advertising budget,and the net profit just before the
profit begins to decline. write a program on the above statement.
13.Write a program by using switch case if user enter 11 it will have are area of
circle and when user enter 22 it will have area of rectangle and when user enter
33 it will give area of square when user enter 44 it will give area of triangle.
14.Write a C program that demonstrates matrix multiplication for two 3x3 matrices,
matrix1 and matrix2, resulting in a resultMatrix. The program checks if matrix
multiplication is possible and performs the operation if conditions are met.
15.What are the differences between the integer and floating-point versions of the
arithmetic functions in terms of their parameters and return types? explain with
code.
16.Explain how the nested loops in the program work together to print a pyramid
of asterisks based on the user input n. Also, provide an example of the output
when n is set to 5. write code for it.
17.Write a program to find the sum of two matrices of order 2*2 using
multidimensional arrays.
18.Write a program to sort even and odd elements of an array separately.
19.Consider a Currency System in which there are notes of seven denominations
,namely, Re.1,Rs2,Rs,5,Rs 10,Rs 50,Rs 100. If a sum of Rs.N is entered through the
keyboard,write a program to compute the smallest number of notes that will
combine to give Rs.N.
20.Write a program to perform the concept of call by value fibonacci series.